README.md, before:

# Mars Rover Image Viewer v2

## CI

### Formatting

Prettier is used to format code in this repo.
To check which local files do not meet the prettier rules, run `npm run format_check` to print a list of files.

When pushing to `main` or creating a pull request to `main`, github actions will run the CI workflow in `.github/workflows/main.yaml` which will check if all files meet the prettier rules.

To format all files produced from `npm run format_check`, execute `npm run format` which will rewrite the files to ensure they meet the formatting rules.

### Linting

In this repo, ESLint with TypeScript support is used for linting. The current setup uses the Airbnb config with an extra package for TypeScript support ([found here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-config-airbnb-typescript)) with a few custom rules. Any formatting from the config is ignored and left up to Prettier instead.

To run the linting script, use the command

```
npm run lint
```

which will show any linting errors that have been picked up. To fix the linting errors which can be resolved automatically, run the linting fix script with the command

```
npm run lint:fix
```

Any errors remaining after this command will have to be resolved manually.

These linting commands are also part of the CI workflow found in `.github/workflows/main.yaml` and any errors will cause the GitHub Action to fail. For the action to pass, use the two commands above to resolve the linting errors locally and try again.

Commit message:

docs: update README to suggest pre push/pr linting

README.md, after:

# Mars Rover Image Viewer v2

## CI

### Formatting

Prettier is used to format code in this repo.
To check which local files do not meet the prettier rules, run `npm run format_check` to print a list of files.

When pushing to `main` or creating a pull request to `main`, github actions will run the CI workflow in `.github/workflows/main.yaml` which will check if all files meet the prettier rules.

To format all files produced from `npm run format_check`, execute `npm run format` which will rewrite the files to ensure they meet the formatting rules.

### Linting

In this repo, ESLint with TypeScript support is used for linting. The current setup uses the Airbnb config with an extra package for TypeScript support ([found here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-config-airbnb-typescript)) with a few custom rules. Any formatting from the config is ignored and left up to Prettier instead.

The CI workflow is set up to run on a push or pull request to `main`. We don't currently have a pre-commit hook, so to check your code will pass the check run the linting script beforehand using the command

```
npm run lint
```

which will show any linting errors that have been picked up. To fix the linting errors which can be resolved automatically, run the linting fix script with the command

```
npm run lint:fix
```

Any errors remaining after this command will have to be resolved manually.

These linting commands are also part of the CI workflow found in `.github/workflows/main.yaml` and any errors will cause the GitHub Action to fail. For the action to pass, use the two commands above to resolve the linting errors locally and try again.
